README.rst, before:

Gapy
====

Gapy is a thin service account client for Google Analytics. 

Get set up
----------

First you need to create either a service account or client ID in your
`Google API Console <https://code.google.com/apis/console>`_. If you're
authenticating as a service account you'll need to download your private key.
If you're authenticating as a web or installed application you'll need to
download your client secrets file (Download JSON in API Access list).

Then just create a gapy client and start querying. Ids, metrics and dimensions 
can be provided as lists or single values.

.. code :: python

    import gapy.client

    # For a service account
    client = gapy.client.from_private_key(
        "your account name",
        private_key="your private key",
        storage_path="path/to/storage.db")

    # For a web or installed application
    client = gapy.client.from_secrets_file(
        "/path/to/client_secrets.json",
        storage_path="/path/to/storage.db")
    )


    reach_data = client.query.get("12345",
                datetime(2012, 1, 1),
                datetime(2012, 2, 2),
                ['ga:visits', 'ga:visitors'],
                'ga:date')
                
Google API documentation
------------------------

This library is a layer over the Google Python API. If you wish to work on it, it may be necessary to consult `the Google Analytics API documentation <https://developers.google.com/resources/api-libraries/documentation/analytics/v3/python/latest/analytics_v3.data.ga.html>`_.

Commit message:

Clarify that storage.db is generated, not required

README.rst, after:

Gapy
====

Gapy is a thin service account client for Google Analytics.

Get set up
----------

First you need to create either a service account or client ID in your
`Google API Console <https://code.google.com/apis/console>`_. If you're
authenticating as a service account you'll need to download your private key.
If you're authenticating as a web or installed application you'll need to
download your client secrets file (Download JSON in API Access list).

Then just create a gapy client and start querying. Ids, metrics and dimensions
can be provided as lists or single values. `storage_path` is the path where
you want gapy to keep the `storage.db` file that it will generate the first time
it runs.

.. code :: python

    import gapy.client

    # For a service account
    client = gapy.client.from_private_key(
        "your account name",
        private_key="your private key",
        storage_path="path/to/storage.db")

    # For a web or installed application
    client = gapy.client.from_secrets_file(
        "/path/to/client_secrets.json",
        storage_path="/path/to/storage.db")
    )


    reach_data = client.query.get("12345",
                datetime(2012, 1, 1),
                datetime(2012, 2, 2),
                ['ga:visits', 'ga:visitors'],
                'ga:date')

Google API documentation
------------------------

This library is a layer over the Google Python API. If you wish to work on it, it may be necessary to consult `the Google Analytics API documentation <https://developers.google.com/resources/api-libraries/documentation/analytics/v3/python/latest/analytics_v3.data.ga.html>`_.
